It is evident that JW Broadcasting has Jehovah's Blessing.
Those involved in preparing the studio, the equipment, and the content all said that they
could feel Jehovah's Hand directing every step, every decision, every day.
Upon learning of its intended purpose, many long days went into planning its design and
what it would take to construct it and have it ready as soon as possible.
Research that usually takes months was completed in days.
The purchasing department ordered hundreds of items in record time, starting of course
with the items that required the most lead time.
In the meantime, a scout team got busy searching for a suitable location and a good one was
found in the office complex at 30 Columbia Heights.
Starting Jehovah's direction on this endeavor, the brothers vacated the entire area in just
one week.
The maintenance departments then prepared the room for television production while the
design team diligently worked on the look of the set.
Color and lighting were key pieces in conveying a dignified, yet modern feel.
The approved design was then translated into an actual set by the construction team.
Many brothers and sisters from around the U.S. were called into assist.
After only a few days, the equipment started to arrive.
Miles of cables were installed, and the technical team had to ensure that all of the pieces
of hardware and software worked well together.
Simultaneously, the orchestra was recording the theme music in our audio video studios
at Patterson.
Brothers and sisters from all over the world contributed with their skills, but a television
studio is no good without content.
Video productions were immediately started by the film crews, scripts had to be prepared,
and reenactment scheduled.
When the set was finished, the equipment installed, and the videos completed, the team started
rehearsing the program that you are now watching.
We asked an industry professional how long it would normally take to complete a studio
and project of this size.
He said without hesitating, at least a year and a half.
At our hardworking brothers and sisters accomplished this monumental task in just two months.
This just emphasizes the fact that when Jehovah wants something done, there is nothing
that can stop him.
Some of the materials and all of the work on this studio were donated, which we very
much appreciate.
Still as you can see, there was a significant outlay of funds to complete the project.
Some of you may be wondering why we would embark on a project like this here in Brooklyn
knowing full well that in a little over two years, Jehovah willing, we will be moving
World Headquarters to Warwick, New York.
Number one, we wanted you brothers and sisters to benefit from this initiative as soon as possible.
And two, everything acquired and purchased for this studio will be transferred to the
Warwick area except the paint on the walls and the paint on the floor.
So really, it is an investment that we are hopeful with your support can be used on
into the years ahead.